The.  Put.  A lot.  Milk.  When you can even argue yet you know this push to talk of police to hold.  Things like Unlike so rotten running.  Because of the record this is a test case scenario from the field here Yeah exactly I read that it's time for going to have a whole new world Oh my so so what's going on I think what's going on I don't think it's I mean that.  I'm so fuckin hung I would just come back from lunch with the police here.  And tell me from box.  That I couldn't make it this time but I think the waiter is a fine man that we can say Yeah so you get it I got onto it yeah yeah good man yeah come along I haven't Yeah we're looking at you called me up my earlier and gave me a lady and I had no idea I just went with it you know he's pretty good yeah you know I did a bit of welfare talk back fifty on others I might just get around already going on and fifty miles I'll take something then and you.  And and put you bought last week that he held.  After you really look like yeah absolutely when we put beyond we got a pretty good heads up on the desk about an hour or so we were all on the back about what we'd seen with him the big Asian put it sort of structure on and we just went with it yeah exactly that's all we can that we sent messages and the Asian kids and I think it's an honour.  And to be honest so in those you know we just keep on using that and you know compliance don't seem to have any idea that we're using you know.  Keep on doing.  That my father enough to make money in this market anyway so we just have to stick together and do whatever we can do to keep that little going along and we all know playing field around an example and all.  Stuff they take they got no idea what's going on now and they were inside like exactly I mean to be honest with you know the central banks and still think be running around with a smile and stay there after I've got the rock to go on here once I think.  You know what you just give me a call you next time.  Now you can you recount.  The reason lower realize that you can't have the.  Only way to play the game so you know well if it's us against them isn't it.  And you know what they felt they done online said adding I mean to be on the line is all work with the bank yeah you know right now I call it the margin in the colic after service I don't know really what they do now but to be honest I don't think we make any money now and they talk a good book you know that's right tight in the pipeline the prise.  You know what it's like you know what if oh yeah yeah yeah I've been on the right side I was just kind of the dark side.  I think.  We all of the dark side.  Had a bad view up and they can we did so pretty good it's pretty it's not that all this good could get used to this sort of where we are and I think the big garden in our town.  You know well.  You know now no one can really hear me you've got one half a dozen people sitting around.  Yet now look like a dork happy or confined Well it's.  Not.  That we've got everything in there that they always I think you know cut it all off then all that and I think again it was with the.  We were.  I think we don't you know I'm not sure that.  I think you've got a time when you want second.  No it's you know I haven't we haven't I know you haven't seen it that.  We've only been here that.  I can't remember the last time I spoke for ten minutes or telephone.  BAKLEY right so when you got home for the weekend no matter I reckon I don't see that meeting sorry other like that happening oh yeah I know you enjoy that feeling for that and you.  Can't get one of the bookies to thank you have been allowing actually Iraqi pay that off the deaf and.  So on the other side of things.  Yeah exactly I mean you know they scratch your back you scratch their.  FACE.  So the next sound on this is going to be missing like I mean the fact.  I think about the few gaps in that one.  I think you have some legal opinions.  But if you had wobbling that it'd be able to be recorded.  At the bar the way we had we had a few inquiries Smalling for a couple a couple of public eases want to know what was going on cable if you see much of falling on and up and that if you had like that nobody can anything anything like that to the options guys and it's and that had a few few calls.  Well I wanted to be honest because there's a guy said he might have an interest in just shy of a long and later on but.  You know he would want to know what we saw and to be honest cable not my strong point I just made something up as usual but you know this place I think the centre of the universe is in the UK so I probably know the good in fact I'm a long life yeah exactly have you got much cooking in the fix for surviving on there is a bit around and I've heard that he's been saying it to Iran it is going to be sending up quite a bit of a time quite a bit in the you know I.  Suppose some decent.  Which way you could phone way I'll give you a shout I think it's going to be on the right hand side I think a whole lot of if I get some come through it we normally get ours in the next half an hour ago come through on the show you know you can do it you know you some decent it together with that's right and just sort of.  Didn't up the cost of service at the end I think well you know if it works and you know will you can buy me dinner next time next time I'll do it and you can buy me and I'll buy you dinner I feel like I just discovered a few more names on the go flight back running will have to come up with small code words I think is I think these wankers who are listening to our conversations are getting used to the.  Fact that they get the new book out scrambled up.  WILL Well we've next time we go out for a beer we can sort and so on that old word and I mean and what we were using we care about what happens to the work of the granting of the idea that you know that I fear that ageing out on this mine and I love you know yeah they do like we turn that around on the back yeah that's right and they're happy to sing like canaries as well yeah yeah I come up with see where they went a few things acronyms and yeah that was like I said I've.  Father.  Never We won't know what hit them that.  We were on the market killed.  We still got a bit of something now here as has the family have the kids get older and know it's all down well so miming moving at home so that I get a free bit of space for holidays and had you pop back I think you go on anyway Oh look I haven't booked anything yet.  The Mrs just flown off to Europe and the kids have gone as well from it just mean that or get home yeah a week or so and they can cry you know I did some to come up anyway take it so you know they can you know look I'm planning to go to Europe at some place I got to go and see the family or see my parents and then and.  We'll see more of life and I think it'll put quality around about September move on.  Or just close it down the the meeting before then and then we'll just have to be the call lead and away we go together come back yeah I mean how's your year going so yeah you know to back up to that yeah you know.  You might budget so hard been yeah Slowly slowly I think will come to come across the line anyway I think I got it back to your place get on bonuses this girl and I think.  They need to get to come back next year exactly you know like you know what second thing is now yes you know once we get.  The pills litanies walking whatever minutes and you know you don't think it's an a ten minute mile and I fell and I think I'd only got a lot to my wife longer than ten minutes.  Early for that another glass of wine exactly that's that's what's emitting a glass of water and I think I might have to go to the telly I think if I wake up early when I get home tonight to me in the togs that no count.  From the telly with a nice bottle of wine unfortunately haven't read one.  Of them all for you know if you put it in the door was only going to go away.  I was already probably would have a crack at some red wine.  Watch me play red instead of plain black like a light.  That.  Would want.  Reckon we'll well and it will look.  Like you have a good weekend then they will cancel money and unless like anything in the six party my captain and I can add it mostly on the right but that it's not good we can see the kids they liked. 